Add docs contribution page (#13868)
apache/druid: docs/development/contributing-to-docs.md

  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
  -->

Druid is a [community-led project](https://druid.apache.org/community/) and we are delighted to receive contributions of anything from minor fixes to docs to big new features.

Druid docs contributors:

* Improve existing content
* Create new content

## Getting started

Druid docs contributors can open an issue about documentation, or contribute a change with a pull request (PR).

The open source Druid docs are located here:
https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/design/index.html

> Some of the Druid docs are incorporated into the Imply docs:
> https://docs.imply.io/latest/apache-druid-doc/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you need to update a Druid doc, locate and update the doc in the Druid repo, following the instructions below. Once a month, we run a script to update the Imply docs repo with recent updates to the Druid docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to update a Druid doc, locate and update the doc in the Druid repo, following the instructions below.
```

## Druid repo branches

> The Druid team works on Apache Druid master, and then branches to 0.17, 0.18, etc and 017-iap (which stands for Imply Analytics Platform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Druid team works on the `master` branch and then branches for a release, such as 25.0
```

  1. Fork the [Druid repo](https://github.com/apache/druid). Your fork will be the ```origin``` remote.
  2. Clone the Druid repo from your fork.
  3. Set up your remotes locally ```upstream``` in the Druid repo in ```.git/config```:
  ~~~~
  [remote "upstream"]
  	url = https://github.com/apache/druid.git
  	fetch = +refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/upstream/*
  	pushurl = no_push
  [branch "master"]
  	remote = upstream
  	merge = refs/heads/master
  [remote "origin"]
  		url = https://github.com/{my-git-id}/druid.git
  		fetch = +refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/upstream/*
  [branch "master"]
  		remote = origin
  		merge = refs/heads/master
  ~~~~

  For ```upstream```, ```push_url = no_push``` means you won’t accidentally push to upstream.
  Make sure to put your github id for {my-git-id}.
  4. ```git config --list --show-origin``` to make sure you’ve got your email configured. If you need to set your email, you can set it per repo or globally. Global instructions [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github-ae@latest/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-email-preferences/setting-your-commit-email-address#setting-your-commit-email-address-in-git).

>   5. Docusaurus?

Reviewer: Since this is in before you start, I think probably

```suggestion
  5. Install Docusaurus so that you can build the site locally. Run either `npm install` or `yarn install` in the `website` directory.
```

## Contributing

  1. On branch ```master```, fetch the latest commit:

  ~~~~
  git fetch upstream

  remote: Enumerating objects: 397, done.
  remote: Counting objects: 100% (341/341), done.
  remote: Compressing objects: 100% (181/181), done.
  remote: Total 397 (delta 118), reused 255 (delta 98), pack-reused 56
  Receiving objects: 100% (397/397), 266.19 KiB | 16.64 MiB/s, done.
  Resolving deltas: 100% (118/118), completed with 44 local objects.
  From https://github.com/apache/druid
     819d706082..6c9f926e3e  0.21.0       -> upstream/0.21.0
     8a3be6bccc..84aac4832d  master       -> upstream/master
   * [new tag]               druid-0.21.0 -> druid-0.21.0

  ➜ git reset --hard upstream/master
  HEAD is now at 84aac4832d Add feature to automatically remove rules based on retention period (#11164)
  ~~~~

  Now you're up to date.

  2. Create your working branch:
  ~~~~
  git checkout -b my-work
  ~~~~
  3. Make your changes, add, and commit:
  ~~~~
  git add my-change.md
  git commit -m "i made some changes"
  ~~~~

>   4. Test changes locally.

Reviewer: In addition to Paul's recommendation on testing before commiting, this is probably what people should do to test.
```suggestion
  4. Test changes locally by building the site and navigating to your changes. In `website`, run `docusaurus-start`. By default, this starts the site on `localhost:3000`. 
```

  5. Push your changes to your fork: ```origin```
  ~~~~
  git push --set-upstream origin my-work
  ~~~~

>   6. Go to GitHub for the Druid repo. It should realize you have a new branch in your fork. Create a pull request from your for ```my-work``` to ```master``` in the Druid repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  6. Go to the Druid repo. GitHub should recognize that you have a new branch in your fork. Create a pull request from your Druid fork and branch to the `master` branch in the Apache Druid repo.
```

## Style guide

Before publishing new content or updating an existing topic, audit your documentation using this checklist to make sure your contributions align with existing documentation.

* Use descriptive link text. If a link downloads a file, make sure to indicate this action
* Use present tense where possible
* Avoid negative constructions when possible
* Use clear and direct language
* Use descriptive headings and titles

> * Avoid using a present participle or gerund as the first word in a heading or title

Reviewer 2: Example for those of us who've forgotten this stuff from English class?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Avoid using a present participle or gerund as the first word in a heading or title. A shortcut for this is to not start with a word that ends in `-ing`. For example, don't use "Configuring Druid." Use "Configure Druid."
```

* Use sentence case in document titles and headings
* Don’t use images of text or code samples
* Use SVG over PNG if available
* Provide an equivalent text explanation with each image

> * Use the appropriate text-formatting

Reviewer 2: What _is_ the appropriate text formatting?

> * Use the appropriate text-formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the appropriate text-formatting. For example, make sure code snippets and property names are in code font and UI elements are bold. Additionally, you should generally avoid using bold or italics to emphasize certain words.
```

* Put conditional clauses before instructions
* Avoid gender-specific pronouns, instead use they
* Use second person — you instead of we
* When American spelling is different from Commonwealth/"British" spelling, use the American spelling
* Don’t use terms considered disrespectful. Refer to the Google’s [Word list](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list) for guidance and alternatives
* Use straight quotation marks and straight apostrophes

> * Introduce a list, a table, or a procedure with an introductory sentence

Reviewer 2: In Markdown files, wrap lines at 80 characters (some like 120 in code.) No need to have one paragraph per line, except in tables.

Reviewer 3: @paul-rogers , can we not introduce this style now. None of the current docs follow it and I worry that it could cause confusion. For example, if someone were to edit an existing doc and use a line-breaking tool to fix their markdown, then it would possibly make the pr affect a lot more lines than they intend.
